feat!: use tfenv to manage Terraform versions (#33)
dwp/github-action-kitchen-terraform: README.md

### `terraform-version`

> **Required**. Terraform version to use. Tested versions listed [here](.github/workflows/build.yaml#L67). Any version can be used (including alpha and beta releases), `tfenv` will install the specified version. Pre-installed versions listed [here](.github/workflows/publish-containers.yml#L11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Required**. Terraform version to use. Tested versions listed [here](.github/workflows/build.yaml#L63-L68). Any version can be used (including alpha and beta releases), `tfenv` will install the specified version. Pre-installed versions listed [here](.github/workflows/publish-containers.yml#L39-L40)
```

Standard Kitchen command

```shell
docker run --rm -e AWS_PROFILE=default -v $(pwd):/usr/action -v ~/.aws:/kitchen/.aws quay.io/dwp/kitchen-terraform:2.0.0 "test scenario-a"
```

Kitchen command with GitLab user and GitLab Personal Access Token.
Used when Terraform contains references to external modules that require Git credentials.

```shell

> docker run --rm -e AWS_PROFILE=default -e GITLAB_USER=user.name -e GITLAB_PAT=token -v $(pwd):/usr/action -v ~/.aws:/kitchem/.aws quay.io/dwp/kitchen-terraform:2.0.0 "test scenario-a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --rm -e AWS_PROFILE=default -e GITLAB_USER=user.name -e GITLAB_PAT=token -v $(pwd):/usr/action -v ~/.aws:/kitchen/.aws quay.io/dwp/kitchen-terraform:2.0.0 "test scenario-a"
```
